fix(PRU-ICSS): Fix MII support documentation (#168)
TexasInstruments/processor-sdk-doc: source/linux/Foundational_Components/PRU-ICSS/Linux_Drivers/PRU_ICSSG_Ethernet.rst

      setenv bootcmd 'run findfdt; run envboot; run init_${boot}; run get_kern_${boot}; run get_fdt_${boot};
      setenv name_overlays ti/k3-am642-evm-icssg1-dualemac-mii.dtbo; run get_overlay_${boot}; run run_kern'

   .. rubric:: **Limitations**

>    Both MIIx ports have to be enabled in DT even if one of them is not used (no Ethernet PHY wired) for proper PRU_ICSSG Ethernet driver work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Both MIIx ports have to be enabled in DT even if one of them is not used (no Ethernet PHY wired) for proper PRU_ICSSG Ethernet driver to work.
```

Did you meant?

Author: Yes, thanks for pointing it out.

   Use fixed-link for unused port as workaround.

CPSW / PRU Ethernet Selection
#############################

.. ifconfig:: CONFIG_part_variant in ('AM64X')

   Driver supports two Ethernet port modes, "single EMAC" and "dual EMAC" based on how many ports will be operated for a given ICSSG instance, for both MII and RGMII mode.

>    - single EMAC: 1 Ethernet port on a single PRU_ICSSG instance

Reviewer 2: nitpick: Please use uppercase 's' in 'single' similar to the uppercase 'd' in 'Dual' below.

>    - Dual EMAC: 2 different Ethernet ports on a single PRU_ICSSG instance

Reviewer 2: Does the word 'different' convey something? Is there a difference between the following?
a) 2 Ethernet ports...
b) 2 different Ethernet ports...
If there isn't, then 'different' could be dropped.

    On AM64x EVM (`TMDS64EVM <https://www.ti.com/tool/TMDS64EVM>`__ & `TMDS64GPEVM <https://www.ti.com/tool/TMDS64GPEVM>`__), one Ethernet port is connected to CPSW, one Ethernet port is connected to PRU Ethernet, and one Ethernet port can be muxed to either CPSW or PRU Ethernet depending on the device tree settings.

>     The Ethernet port is muxed to CPSW by default in the AM64x EVM device tree file k3-am642-evm.dts, disabling this port for ICSSG (single EMAC).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Ethernet port is muxed to CPSW by default in the AM64x EVM device tree file :file:`k3-am642-evm.dts`, disabling this port for ICSSG (single EMAC).
```

https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/roles.html#role-file

>     To use RGMII interface in dual EMAC mode the k3-am642-evm-icssg1-dualemac.dtbo overlay file has to be applied using the following command in uboot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To use RGMII interface in dual EMAC mode the :file:`k3-am642-evm-icssg1-dualemac.dtbo` overlay file has to be applied using the following command in u-boot.
```

    ::

      setenv bootcmd 'run findfdt; run envboot;run init_${boot}; run get_kern_${boot}; run get_fdt_${boot};setenv name_overlays ti/k3-am642-evm-icssg1-dualemac.dtbo; run get_overlay_${boot}; run run_kern'

>     To use MII interface in dual EMAC mode the k3-am642-evm-icssg1-dualemac-mii.dtbo overlay file has to be applied using the following command in uboot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To use MII interface in dual EMAC mode the :file:`k3-am642-evm-icssg1-dualemac-mii.dtbo` overlay file has to be applied using the following command in u-boot.
```
